My name is Shake-Zula,
the Mic Rula,
The old schooler
You want to trip?
l'll bring it to you
Frylock, and l'm on top,
rock you like a cop
Meatwad, you're up next
with your knock-knock
Meatwad make the money,
see?
Meatwad get the honeys, "G"
Drivin' in my car,
livin' like a star
lce on my fingers and my toes,
and l'm a Taurus
Unh, check, check it, yeah
'Cause we are the Aqua Teens
Make the homies say "ho!"
and the girlies want to scream
'Cause we are the Aqua Teens
Make the homies say "ho!"
and the girlies want to scream
Aqua Teen Hunger Force
So, you know, very roomy.
Put your flat-screen
TV over there.
You got...
step over t-the corpses there.
You know,
the city been notified about that.
You know, but the flies have carted off
most of the meat, anyways.
You drop a throw rug on it,
you're good to go.
Man, l am...
really focusing a lot on them
corpses.
Uh, so, what do you say?
We got a deal, here?
You skipped over the wooden
paneling.
Talk more about
the wooden paneling.
Uh...
is that a feature?
lt is the best feature.
All right, yeah. Sure.
But check this out!
Yeah, football fan!
You're at the 50-yard line!
'Cause you ain't just watchin'
the game...
you in the game!
l mean, not really.
You know,
you're watchin' the game, but,
uh, it's sort of like
you are in action, even though,
you know, you might be...
you know, passed out.
l don't like how you try to
sell my house.
Come on, man.
This is a sport lover's fantasy!
l don't like sports.
No one does.
All right, look, uh,
let's be frank here.
That gas leak is gonna kill
anybody
that tries to move in here.
l'm not fixing that gas leak
for you or anyone.
All right. Fine, fine.
l understand, you know.
But are you...
are you totally set
on that price?
l mean, 20 grand a month, man...
l need that money!
The cost of blood is going up.
l need to feed.
Yeah, you keep throwing
around words like
"blood" and "feed."
l mean, feed what?
Never you mind.
l've said too much already.
l'm so stupid...
stupid.
l mean, maybe paint a mural of,
like, the...
the '91 Giants, like,
cresting a hill.
Carl, l'm starting to think
you aren't right for this job.
This is not a fit.
Really?
Well, then fit this.
You need me, l'm next door
getting comfortable with myself...
in the nude!
Ohhh.
Oh, yeah.
Ohhhh.
You are naughty.
Yes, you are a cheerleader,
aren't you?
An enormous 300-pound
cheerleader.
Not too many cheerleaders
missing teeth, but, uh, sure,
l'll go with the fantasy.
Yeah, get the mascot involved.
That's right...
the guy in the bear outfit.
l'm so desensitized,
it's got to be just completely
bananas to get me off.
Hey!
Oh, baby.
Your credit-card limit has
reached its climax.
No! No, no, no!
Bye.
- No!
What the...
Hey!
l'm trying to get erotic, here!
Keep it down!
Hey!
Open up in there!
l just came by to say welcome to
your h... high beams.
Uh, that came out wrong.
l meant to say boo... uh,
boobs.
Uh, who are you?
l'm your fantasy, Carl
Really?
There is no credit card
required to sleep with us
Whoa!
Comin' on strong.
"Us"?
Who's "us"?
Me and my sisters
l am Chrysanthemum
This is the B.J. Queen
This is John Kruk
What's up, man?
Kruk from the Phillies?
Uh, yeah, man.
That's...
that's me.
Dude, l hit you with
a battery in '89.
You remember... "D" cell?
Yeah, l remember you.
Yeah, l still got the scar.
And l still use that battery.
Thanks, man.
l got to tell you,
l spent about three nights in
the clink 'cause of that,
but it was so worth it
to see you just drop to your
knees in anguish.
So, what are you doin' here, man,
hanging out with these
hooahs?
l mean no disrespect, seriously.
l'm a Siren now.
Yeah?
So, what's that, like a...
like a team or something?
No, man.
lt's, uh,
it's like l'm their sister
and we sing songs to people.
Oh, like a band, yeah.
Uh, no.
No, that's not really it.
Sing for him, John Kruk
Oh, right now's not a good
time for me to sing.
Yes, you must
Do l really have to sing?
Go on, man, sing.
She said you sing.
Go do it.
Sing, sing, sing...
that's all these girls do.
God, they're frickin' crazy.
Do, uh, "Dirty Deeds
Done Dirt Cheap."
Sing for him, John Kruk
La la la la la la...
la... la...
La la la la la... la...
Oh, you suck.
John Kruk is not
a good singer
We mask his hideous voice
with more volume
What the...
y-you kidnap me, you torture me
with your sick games,
and l got to sit around here
with a clamp on my...
thing.
l mean, what the hell do you
guys want from me?
Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho.
Go back.
You guys do...
y-you do sex games here?
Yeah, l guess.
Hey, what do you guys
think if this guy
could take my place for a bit?
You know,
l'd love to go see my kids.
Yeah, l could totally
take his place here.
No, no, John Kruk
No, man.
Go... go see your family.
Down, boy, down
You know, maybe you should
just go on home.
Don't worry about what
we do over here.
lt's not even painful anymore.
You sure, now?
l could...
l could totally...
...get into this.
Nah. No.
l'll just catch up with you later.
All right.
l'm next door if you need
anything.
Certainly if you need another
piece of meat
to fit inside your
sex sandwich.
Carl, please.
And l don't even mind
that you're a dude.
You are a potential
hall-of-famer.
Dude, just go.
.300 career batting average.
He said go
l could totally have
sex next to you.
Dude, go.
- Well, all right.
l... yeah, okay.
But, uh, l mean,
l'd totally...
SlRENS:
Close the door on him
Oh, this door?
SlRENS:
When you eat a junk lunch
At the same time
Quiet, quiet, quiet.
... givin' and gettin' it on
l'm givin' and gettin'
and givin'
Wait
Did someone just hear?
lt sounded like a power tool
Yeah, it was like a drill
or something
Shh.
SlRENS:
There we go.
All right.
lt's the magic hour.
Now just reach up and grab 'em.
Carl.
Marcula, what are you...
Uh, what's goin' on, man?
l would ask you
the same thing.
Uh, me?
Dude, l'm drilling a hole.
Running some... wires through
here for some, uh...
Speakers.
That's right.
Puttin' them right here
in the bushes.
Good call.
l want this side yard to
reek of sound.
SlRENS:
When you get your junk loved
What is going on in there?
l don't know neither.
You go check it out.
l will.
SlRENS:
And givin'
lt's all fine.
Fine?
What do you mean?
See for yourself.
SlRENS:
Ow.
Ohhh, no.
John Kruk.
- Ow.
Baseball's lost a legend.
Ow.
See?
lt's fine.
They're going to be good
tenants.
You people stay far
away from me!
Friggin'...
Hey, what's up, man?
Hey, did you see my paper?
l saw you last night.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah...
with the girls.
Yeah, with the girls.
l-in the living room.
ln the living room, yeah.
Yeah.
They're pretty hot, huh?
Hey, check this out, man.
All this skin comes off with a zipper.
You see?
A-and the harpoons?
Oh, this harpoon hole?
Surgically made
for the illusion.
Dude, it's so hot.
The biggest sexual organ is your
brain.
You know what l mean?
No.
Honestly, don't knock it
until you've tried it.
And getting it on
Well, l'm presently unattached.
l mean, you know...
How do l go about doing that?
Well, you can go dance for them,
see what they say.
l mean, what the hell.
Give it a shot.
Well, l don't dance...
unless l'm totally wasted.
All right, then.
Let's get wasted.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Ali-i-i-i-ve!
That's from the Live Album.
We do not like it
Well, you know, that kind of
means they don't like it, Carl.
Oh, come on!
What do l got to do here?!
Take this knife,
slice off your nipples,
and feed them to the sisters...
like grapes.
All right.
No, l'm not doing that.
Aw, come on, buddy.
You know you're drunk.
Yeah, l know.
lt's a good thing, too.
Otherwise,
l would totally feel this.
Do you have them?
All right.
Now take them and throw them
in the sewer.
l thought that you said...
You thought what?
That you're stupid?
You're so stupid.
That's for hitting me with a
battery at Shea, you asshole.
So...
they don't want the nipples?
Dude, who would want them?
Dogs don't even want them, okay?
All right, John Kruk.
Take it easy, man.
l'll, uh,
catch up with you later.
l found these nipples
in the sewers.
ls anyone you know missing
any nipples?
There's no way they could be
sewed back on.
l mean, too much time has passed
by now.
l don't know nobody, so, uh,
maybe you keep walkin'.
Well, l guess l'll keep looking.
Yeah. Keep lookin'.
Maybe place an ad
in the paper.
lt would be a big color ad.
lt would say "nipples found."
Finally...
nipples of my own.
They're so beautiful
Don't you think l know that?
Ah, that's great.
Couldn't be happier for you.
l have an idea.
How about if l go see my wife
and kids?
l have a better idea.
lt's called "pizza for everyone."
Pizza party!
Who has money?
Dancing is forbidden
D-d-dancing is forbidden
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org